- IDE : Integrated Development Environment 

- Literal values : are used when we want to set some variable to a specific value within our program
    eg : x=6 
    the literal 6 denotes any object with the integer value of 6

- In assignment statement, 
the thing on the left side of the equals sign is a reference and 
the thing on the right side is either another reference or a newly created object 

- 4.5E10 represents the float 45000000000.0

- two kinds of methods in any object-oriented language: 
mutator and 
accessor methods. 

- Accessor methods access the current state of an object but don’t change the object. 
Accessor methods return new object references when called.
example - upper method 

    x = 'hi'
    y = x.upper

    here, x is not changed by calling the upper method on it. The upper method is an accessor method. 

- Mutator methods : These methods actually change the existing object. 
example -  reverse method on the list type.

    mylist = [1,2,3]
    mylist.reverse()

    The reverse method mutates the existing object. 
    Once called, a mutator method can’t be undone. 
    The change or mutation is permanent until mutated again by some other mutator method.

- Immutable class : int, float, str 

CLASS :

    - Every class contains one special method called a constructor. 
    The constructor’s job is to create an instance of an object by placing references to data 
    within the object itself.

    - The special variable self always points at the current object and 
    must be the first parameter to each method in the class. 
    Python takes care of passing the self argument to the methods. 
    The other arguments are passed by the programmer when the method is called. 

- An identifier is a name given to entities like class, functions, variables, etc. 
It helps to differentiate one entity from another.

READING MULTI-LINE RECORD FILE :
    - for reading multi line record file we need a WHILE LOOP and NOT FOR LOOP 
    
    - Loop and a Half Pattern :
    To use a while loop to read from a file, we need a loop and a half. The half comes before the
    while loop.

    simply put : When you use a while loop, you need to be able to check a condition to see
                if you are done reading the file. 
                But, to check the condition you must first try to read
                at least a little of a record. 
                This is a kind of chicken and egg problem.

    - For the body of the while loop to execute, the condition must be tested prior to executing the loop.
        Reading a line prior to the while loop is necessary so we can check to see if the file is
        empty or not

POLYMORPHISM :
    it depends in the context 

GUI with Tinkter :
    - The Tcl/Tk language and toolkit was designed as a cross-platform method of creating GUI interfaces.
        Python provides an interface to this toolkit via the Tkinter module.

    - A GUI is an event-driven program. This means that you write your code to respond
        to events that occur in the program. The events occur as a result of mouse clicks,
        dragging the mouse, button presses, and menu items being selected.

    
Difference between an iterator and a for loop :
    itereator : goes from one element to another 
                used when unsure of the number of the elements

    for loop : ususally used when sure of the number of the elements that are need to be iterated through


